>> Speaker 1: What are you working on now?
>> Mathew DesLauriers: So now other than
this workshop which I've been working on,
I just finished a little project,
it was quite small.
>> Mathew DesLauriers: I don't know if
I can show it on this screen with us
feeding into the live stuff, but
it's basically actually just a cursor
effect kind of on a website.
They've wanted it to be when you visit the
website, they have this really pronounced
sort of paint-splashing effect
as you move around the website.
So it's very much like a classic WebGL,
using WebGL to enhance a website.
It's a very small project.
Before that one, I was working on one that
was a print design campaign for
Nordic Impact,
if I can just find it within
all of my folders here.
>> Mathew DesLauriers: Well, this is
originally some of the concept, and
we ended up using WebGL to create a,
>> Mathew DesLauriers: Where's
all the outputs?
>> Mathew DesLauriers: Yeah,
just go to the website.
You can check out the website
yourself actually.
It's like the project is open,
and the ideas that for
this music festival called
Nordic Impact in France,
you would create a little poster
using some different music or
different parametrics or functions.
And this was a collaboration with a design
studio in Paris who really worked on sort
of the design and the overall aesthetic,
as well as working with another creative
coder who really worked on the background.
And then this part I was a bit of the sort
of WebGL aspect, the 3D WebGL aspect.
As you can see is using a lot of
the same concepts we talked about.
Probably it looks better on your
own MacBook or your own screens,
your own Windows or whatever computer than
this projector, but it's basically just
tweaking the values, allows the user
to create their own sort of poster.
And then they end up with an image, and
the image is large enough
that they can print it.
And actually this whole project
is using Canvas sketch as well.
So it was kind of another test of using,
whoops.
>> Mathew DesLauriers: It was another
test of using Canvas sketch for
a client work, and
it turned out really well.
And there's this Hall of Fame,
where you can see all the people who
have generated posters before you.
And so
you can just share the poster online.
And it's just to get people to get
excited about the music festival that
was coming up.
Yeah, just like a general design
sort of project using WebGL.
>> Mathew DesLauriers: But
sort of my work is all over the map,
it's like sometimes it's more digital with
WebGL and sometimes, like one project that
I'm really happy with,
>> Mathew DesLauriers: Is this one,
and I think it sort of shows another
side of creative coding that
I didn't know before is using hardware and
using Raspberry Pi and
stuff like that to create
an interactive installation.
And so the idea is that it's this cold,
wintry day in a park, and
you stumble on this sort of warming,
hot-looking-like thing.
You step up to it, and when you step up
to it it captures your body heat, and
it turns red in response to your heat.
And it's using a thermal camera, and
inside it's using a few LED screens
with a frosted painted glass.
And it's actually,
you can't really tell by the inside but
it's using a noise function to create this
undulating pattern of different colors.
So it's basically all the same
stuff we were talking about today.
I'm just using it in LED screens, and
then putting a pane of frosted glass in
front of it to create that nice,
blurry effect.
And that was a really fun project.
But yeah, same kind of concepts,
noise functions, and
seeing creative coding ideas, but
applying it in a different space.
Thanks a lot everyone,
that was a lot of fun.
>> Audience: [APPLAUSE]